So same structure as before,
here we've got main.rs.
This time we just have some different code
in there and a different set of to dues.
So here we've got our struct called city.
City has 2 fields right now,
a description, which is a string and
residents which is a use 64.
Our first to do is we wanna add
a field here called is_coastal,
which is a Boolean.
This will cause some other
compiler errors, but
those other compiler errors will tell
you what other changes need to happen.
So this may be your first
experience of encountering rusts,
compiler helping you out and helping you
figure out like what needs to happen.
So let's take a look at
our new city function.
So basically this is saying, give me some
residents and a Boolean for whether or
not it's coastal.
And if it's coastal, I'm going to return
a city struck, which has this description.
A coastal city will have
approximately this many residents, so
we're using format to do
string interpolation here.
Residency may recall as shorthand for
residents:residents.
But we're just writing it in
that sort of shorthand way.
Otherwise, we're gonna panic and say,
to do return a city as described as
a non-coastal city of approximately,
blah, blah, blah residence.
So we're gonna do something pretty
similar to this first branch.
Notice, by the way, that here,
this is an expression and
also this whole if it's an expression.
So basically this function is
using an implicit return here.
Without actually having to
write the return keyword so
it's returning the result of this if, and
then the result of this if in each
branch is this expression right here, so
we're sort of combining the two
things we saw previously.
And then down here we
have our main function.
Which is actually what's kicking things
off, previously in the previous example we
had new non main function defined after
main, here we're defining it before.
Either way is totally fine.
You can feel free to move
it around if you prefer.
And what we've got is we have rustville,
which is a city and
it's saying the rustville is
being assigned to a panic.
So as to call a new city here
with whatever arguments you like.
Now because this is a panic, we can see
that the ID is actually grayed out this
print line like I did on my slide earlier.
Saying, hey, if you hover over it says,
unreachable statement and
the reason it's unreachable is because
it's going to have panicked by then.
So as soon as your fix this to do,
this will no longer be unreachable.
And then finally it's saying if rustville
that is coastal which is an error because
we haven't defined that yet.
Then it's gonna print
it is a coastal city,
otherwise it will print
it is not a coastal city.
So sum up, we have three to do's,
first return a city here,
second called new_city here.
And then finally, print the description
of rustville here just using
string interpolation, like before.
String interpolation plus
accessing a fuel off of a struct